# Index of `Quickstart` Guides

## Uncategorized

### [[1.01-First-Steps]]

Check out *Super Productivity 101* a.k.a. [[1.01-First-Steps|First Steps]] where we will teach you:
- how to use Super Productivity in the web app.
- how to install the desktop or mobile app.
- how to find other resources once you are done with the basics.

### [[1.02-Configure-Data-Synchronization]]

1. [[2.08-Choose-Sync-Backend]]
2. [[2.09-Configure-Sync-Backend]]
	1. WebDAV
	2. Dropbox
	3. Other/Custom
3. Tweak the Settings in [[3.02-Settings-and-Preferences#sync-and-export.Sync-and-Export]]
4. Ensure data safety by knowing how to [[2.02-Restore-Data-From-Backup]]

### 1.03 Example Workflow 1
- settings used
- project and/or tag usage and naming
- time tracking and focus mode usage

### 1.45 Example Workflow 2
- settings used
- project and/or tag usage and naming
- time tracking and focus mode usage

### 1.34 Example Workflow 3
- settings used
- project and/or tag usage and naming
- time tracking and focus mode usage

# How to Write `Quickstarts`
The `1.XX` sections should strive to follow these [[https://docs.openedx.org/en/open-release-sumac.master/documentors/concepts/content_types.html#technical-guidelines]].

By following these recommendations, you will be able to write a good-quality Quickstart:

- Add the Quickstart to the title to guide the reader.
- Teach by doing.
- Use a friendly and professional tone.
- The learning objective should be apparent from the beginning. Setting expectations from the start allows the learners to see themselves building towards the completed goal as they work.
- Do not omit the “obvious.” Your learners follow the quickstart because they do not know about that topic or product.
- Every step the learner follows should produce an understandable result, however small.
- Your Quickstart should work for all users every time. This means you must consider different types of devices and software and test your Quickstart once a year to ensure it is updated.
- Be specific about actions and outcomes.
- Explain what’s necessary and nothing more. Your guidance must remain focused on achieving the stated learning objective.