# Index of `How To` Guides

## Setup and Configuration

### 2.01-Download-and-Install

- [[2.01a-Download-and-Install_Windows|Windows]]
- [[2.01b-Download-and-Install_Linux|Linux]]
- [[2.01c-Download-and-Install_MacOS|MacOS]]
- [[2.01d-Download-and-Install_Android|Android]]

For all platforms, you can always install [[../../releases|from the releases page]] if you prefer.

### [[2.02-Restore-Data-From-Backup]]

### Adjust Common Settings (?)

## Tasks

### [[2.03-Add-Tasks]]
Include all the actions that branch out from this such as subtasks, scheduling, repetition, and integrations via [[4.00-Concepts#Integrations-with-Other-Apps]].

### [[2.04-Manage-Subtasks]]

### [[2.05-Manage-Scheduled-Tasks]]

### [[2.06-Manage-Repeating-Tasks]]

Time-Tracking
- Starting the Task
- Marking Tasks Complete
- Estimated vs Actual Time

Projects and Tags
- Customizing Project Appearance
- Hiding Projects
- Use Tags

Complete the Day
- How to Complete the Day

Managing Your Data
- Importing data
- Exporting
- Syncing
- [[2.02-Restore-Data-From-Backup]]

Integrations
- How to configure for each

# How to Write a `How To`
The `2.XX` sections should strive to follow these [[https://docs.openedx.org/en/open-release-sumac.master/documentors/concepts/content_types.html#id3]].

There is an assumed "How to..." preceding `2.XX` note titles.

By following these recommendations, you will be able to write good quality how-to guides:

- Describe a sequence of actions. A how-to guide contains a sequence of actions that have an order.
- Solve a particular task. The problem or task is the concern of a how-to guide: stick to that practical goal.
- Do not explain concepts—link to other documents for further explanation.
- Omit the unnecessary. Practical usability is more helpful than completeness.
- Pay attention to naming. Choose action-based titles that say precisely what the how-to guide shows, such as “Import A Course” or “Copy And Paste Course Content.”