# Configure Obsidian for Modifying the Wiki

Obsidian is very useful but it requires some specific changes to produce markdown that is consistent with the standards.

## Git Integration

1. You must use open a new vault using the `wiki` directory within `super-productivity/docs`. New notes would then show up as `super-productivity/docs/wiki/note.md` (no nesting/sub-directories for notes).

2. Ensure Obsidian data does not leak into the repo. For local-only exclusion, use:  
`echo ".obsidian" >> .git/info/exclude`

3. Ensure that markdown linting happens before every commit. See [[0.01-Style-Guide#Linting]] for details.

4. Do not use the "Git" plugin.

## Settings (differing from default)

### Editor

**Strict Line Lengths**  
Enabled.  
When viewing notes in the preview mode it will correctly show how GH renders single-line spaces. You can create a single-line space by adding two spaces at the end of a line.

**Default Editing Mode**  
Source Mode.  
A better setup is to have source mode in one pane and a linked preview in another to help reduce the number of problems that the linter will find.

**Show Line Numbers**  
Enabled.  
Easier to see the number of blank spaces.

**Indent using Tabs**  
Disable.  
The 'tab' key is hard-coded to 4 spaces when this setting is disabled so manually entering 2 spaces is needed (especially with nested lists).

### Files and Links

**Default Location for New Attachments**  
Specify the `./assets` directory.

**New Link Format**
Path from Vault will ensure no duplicate notes.

**Automatically Update Internal Links**  
Enabled.

## Plugins

**Broken Links**
 Run before committing.

**Paste image rename**  
Default settings.  
Useful for keeping images named consistently.

**Linter**  
Enable/set the rules indicated in [[3.97-Obsidian-Linter-Config-MD]] or import the YML in [[3.98-Obsidian-Linter-Config-YAML]].

**Safe Filename Linter**
Set all options to "Empty String".  
Run this on all files before committing.
