# Index of `Concepts`

## Organizing

- Projects
- Tags
- Estimating Time
- Task Attributes
- Notes
- Bookmarks
- Estimated vs Actual Time

## Planning

- Timeline
- Scheduled Tasks

## Doing

- The Today Page
- Timers/Focus Mode
- Break Reminders
- Idle Time Reminders
- Estimated vs Actual Time

## Reviewing

### Time-Tracking

- How Time is Logged
- Estimated vs Actual Time

### Completing-Your-Day

- Reflection
- Metrics
- Task Archiving
- Quick History
- Worklog

## Managing-Your-Data

- Sync (general)
- Backups
- Where Data is Stored

## Integrations-with-Other-Apps

- Jira
- GitHub
- GitLab
- OpenProject

### Miscellaneous

- [[3.02-Settings-and-Preferences]]
- [[3.03-Keyboard-Shortcuts]]
- Upgrading
- Uninstalling
- [[3.99-Other#JSON-Models]]

## How to Write a `Concept`

The `4.XX` sections should strive to follow these [[https://docs.openedx.org/en/open-release-sumac.master/documentors/concepts/content_types.html#id7]].

There is an assumed "About..." preceding `4.XX` note titles.

By following these recommendations, you will be able to write good quality how-to guides:

- Describe a sequence of actions. A how-to guide contains a sequence of actions that have an order.
- Solve a particular task. The problem or task is the concern of a how-to guide: stick to that practical goal.
- Do not explain concepts—link to other documents for further explanation.
- Omit the unnecessary. Practical usability is more helpful than completeness.
- Pay attention to naming. Choose action-based titles that say precisely what the how-to guide shows, such as “Import A Course” or “Copy And Paste Course Content.”
